was it guys Jason Massey here I'll walk
into a brand new pack open and today we
are hunting for the third inform Eden
Hazard who looks crazy good and their
guys if you can leave a like in this
video it would be greatly appreciated
and yeah we can open some packs in the
background but I've got a few things to
talk about before we do enter that if
you're looking to buy some ultimate team
coins to buy packs to yourself then go
check out the FIFA shop token okay that
needs to be down below in the
description and make sure to use a
different code messy 10 to get a
discount code on the checkout screen so
things gotta talk about sailing
basically going to be to do with the
upgrades the potential upgrades coming
up and some but no cards that
potentially be around the corner in a
few months time so the first thought
then of course as you may know aah
released the first batch of upgrades I
think as a few days ago now and that
included a 90 rated in full second
informal luis suarez and there she
didn't know about that basically what
happens is em new Suarez was an 88 rated
second inform but because he got an
upgrade and is a his normal card went to
that ate a rated then his second inform
jumped up to a 90 rated card which if
you go if you bought that and that
second former Suarez in your club he'd
actually changed the 90 rated card so it
wouldn't screw over the people that
initially had the informers which
upgrades in the past did actually do
people used to complain about that
because I remember last year I come over
who got on it might be Oh shall we but
basically they don't know show his card
and they matched his inform card which
obviously made it inform pretty much
valueless because it's the exact same
card all it is is look a little bit
different so that's basic reason they've
done that and yellow spies went for
about 700 k 2 over 1.2 million so he's
jumped up a lot of coins need doubled in
price if not doubled in price so if if
you have a lot of coins and you're
willing to take a risk for potential
upgrades there are a few players in the
second batch at end of month and could
get you a lot of coins in return like oh
so you may have to invest a little bit
and be a bit patient but overall players
that could get upgrades and obviously
has it is this man's at the big Tina
weak player this week the third inform
hazard and he's going for 1.9 million if
I'm right so he does cost a lot of money
but if you did have the coins I'd
recommend pick him up just in case he
does get that upgrade because he's
outgrowing dupree goats like his night I
think it's 90 rated or aid know is I
kind of rating is but nevertheless he
will jump up if he gets out great and
that means his value
do Suarez and go up even more so that's
that's potential one there Jessica
Rodriguez obviously he hasn't got
informed so it wouldn't affect his price
at already de acosta he could be a cool
one because if I'm right I think
personally if Dave Acosta gets an
upgrade he will get a spanish flag
obviously I think he's eligible to play
for Spain now so that's a good one to
look out for David Costa and they've got
an michael michael has got to influence
with Roma David Alaba potentially he's
only 82 writer on his inform and
Giuseppe Rossi us another one Giuseppe
Rossi hazard a fantastic yen and he has
gone informed so you know I know he's
injured but he still could get one
another thing then el shaarawy
apparently in the month is going to be a
full star skiller which is great news
i'm fortunate for us so he's not a
five-star scary was on fifa 12 no less
that is some good news to hear they are
actually upgrading the skills of El
Shaarawy and finally there will be in
touch tomorrow match purple cards i'm
assuming at the world cup which is
another thing to look forward to an
opportune guys so if you have enjoyed
this video make sure to leave a like
rating subscribe for day 3 14 content
check out the fifa shop and i will see
you guys next time